h1. Mustache Plugin

Integrate "Mustache":http://mustache.github.com/ into your Grails project.

Mustache provides Logic-less templates that are a great tool for HTML layout, especially in the context of building javascript powered pages within a web browser. Now, thanks to "mustache.java":https://github.com/spullara/mustache.java, you can interpret Mustache templates from the server as well.

This plugin serves to enable both server-side and client-side use of Mustache while maintaining a DRY methodology (i.e. you can use the same Mustache templates on the client and server).

h2. Tags

Two tags are provided in the "mustache" namespace; *render* and *layoutTemplates*

h3. mustache:render

Renders inline Mustache template code or Mustache template files server-side. Inline Mustache templates can also be written as script elements within the page for use by javascript.

h4. attributes

* *model*: (required) The object instance to use as the data model for the template.
* *tid* : The Document id to use for a script element for use by javascript
* *href* : The path, relative to server root, of a Mustache template file.

h3. mustache:layoutTemplates

Renders script elements for each of the inline templates that were given a *tid* attribute. In practice, this is placed near the closing tag for the body div element.

h3. Examples

*Example*: Inline mustache with script generation

bc. <mustache:render model="${user}" tid="user-greeting">
  Hello {{fullname}}. 
  {{#isLoggedIn}}
    We're glad you logged in.
  {{/isLoggedIn}}
</mustache:render>
...
<mustache:layoutTemplates />

*Example*: Using href

In _web-app/tmplates/wax.mustache_

bc. Hello {{fullname}}. 
{{#isLoggedIn}}
  We're glad you logged in.
{{/isLoggedIn}}

In the GSP

bc. <mustache:render model="${user}" href="/templates/wax.mustache"





